**Participants :**
- Tamara Leros: Associate Director
- Cedrik Pelherbe: Senior Manager
- David Benhaim: Data Scientist
- Ekhine Irurozki: Associate Teacher Telecom Paris

Attention à l’organisation au sein du groupe. Attribuer des rôles à chacun et mettre en place un planning. Désigner un coordinateur pour avoir point focal, arbitrage, … Total sur tout le MS: environ 150-200 heures. Point toutes les deux semaines avec Baalbek. Points focaux Baalbek : Orga >Tamara, Technique -> David. Conseil : mettre un repo Git en place. Données en CSV, code en Python, outils au choix. Proposer un plan de travail à partager avec Baalbek pour s’accorder.

**Présentation du projet :**
*The goal:* Activity detection (not presence) using Linky + ML
Applications:
- Senior citizens: Accidents … -> main use case
- Kids care: when they are back from school …
- Security: AirBnB, check guests …
- etc …
There are existing solutions but these are difficult to put in place and expensive. 

*Data:* only aggregated data => tricky. Different electrical equipment with different “signatures”, patterns of electrical consumption (cf p. 3). We want to distinguish signatures of key equipment (ex: oven on when activity vs fridge on all the time). Metrics: the ones from classification. Want to develop unsupervised learning for example monitoring consumption at night when no activity to have a comparison basis.

*For research in the field:* broader => There are datasets with labeled data. Time series with data about consumption for each equipment. This can  be used for activity vs non activity labels to train a model. Good basis to have an idea about what the different equipment signatures look like and deduce when there is activity. Data from Linky: every second to see if we want to resample to 30 min… 3 labeled dataset : data in Canada with 1 sec timestamp over several months, can aggregate data to have every 30 min timestamp. Would be nice to look at both. Can plug a USB device to linky to get data points, can also get data for free every 30 min. Possibility to have access to data to personal house to have data every 30 min to test algorithms By default: Linky is collecting every day, have to activate the option to collect data every 30 min.
